Add pr env ssl renewal guide (#69)
trento-project/docs: guides/pr-env/ssl-certificate-setup.md

# SSL Certificate creation and setup Guide for Pull Request Environments

This guide outlines the process for creating and setting up SSL certificates for pull request environments using Let's Encrypt and AWS Route 53.

> This also the process we currenly apply upon expiration in order to generate new valid ones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This also is the process we currently apply upon expiration in order to generate new valid ones.
```
